
Salman Cinemas

Salman by SPI Cinemas is Chennai’s hottest entertainment destination for people from all walks of life, across a wide age group and user profile. Salman Cinemas strives to be at the forefront of media technology and endeavours to bring new entertainment technology to customers first.  It was the first exhibitor in India to introduce 2K digital projection technology with its brand RDX and the first to convert all of its screens to digital.  It went one step further and introduced digital 3D in RDX and continues to push the boundaries of entertainment technology.

The company has an ethos of quality and service and all of the businesses that it operates ensure world class quality and experience.  It operates the largest multi format gaming facility in India, Blur and the concept restaurants, ID and Ecstasy.

Centrally located off Chennai’s arterial Mount Road, Salman cinemas is a major draw to students, residents and professionals of all age groups throughout the week. The multiplex has adequate parking in its main parking lot and an additional parking at the Parking Annexe besides a large capacity of two wheelers parking.

Salman Cinemas also houses its own bakery with a specialist chef who churns out the most delectable snacks and desserts around town and has a lot more lined up to give Chennai its finest entertainment experience.
 
Theatre Specifications

There are currently six theatres within the Salman Cinemas Complex

Salman 	948 seats with balcony
Santham 	505 seats with balcony
Seasons 	260 seats
Serene 	272 seats
Studio 5 	114 seats
Six Degrees 	184 seats


Technology

The cinemas are equipped with state of the art entertainment technology; including digital projectors with 3D technology, 2.4 gain Silver Screens and digital audio delivering stunning cinematic experience. All our installations are commissioned by well calibrated testing equipment and factory trained in-house engineers.

Sound

The screens are equipped with 4-way speakers to give high precision in all frequency ranges. These high quality equipment are tuned with standards of SMPTE to give maximum voice clarity and are guaranteed to give an audio experience that is unparalleled.

Dolby Atmos – SPI Cinemas is the first in the country to have a screen installed with Dolby Atmos – a new audio platform that revolutionizes the experience of sound in entertainment. It allows sound designers and mixers a new level of creative control and ensures that audiences will experience the full impact of the sound mix, regardless of theatre configuration. This technology gives filmmakers greater control over the definition and placement of sounds and is designed to help them unleash the full depth and power of their creative visions.

Auro 3D – SPI Cinemas is the first exhibitor in Asia to install the Auro-3D sound system at the city’s leading multiplex, Salman Cinemas. Barco’s 3D sound format is designed with three layers of sound (surround, height and overhead) rather than the singular layer offered by traditional surround sound. Adding more than just speakers overhead, its three layers of sound come from all around and above the listener, transforming conventional cinema audio into a fully immersive 3D sound experience.
RDX-4K

RDX stands for the Real Digital Experience. Watching movies in digital format means enhanced clarity, colour, contrast and brightness by incorporating all DCI – screen management system standards.  The movie looks and sounds exactly the way the filmmaker intended it every time it is projected. The cinema comes replete with digital projectors with 4K resolution, the latest in digital technology.  Hence the projection brings stunning images in enhanced 4K resolution (4,096 x 2,160), combined with ultimate brightness and vibrant colour-accuracy time after time. They are also known for their technical competency in preventing piracy.
RDX 3D

All the cinemas are equipped with 3D.  3D movies in RDX use cutting edge 3D technology, adding a new dimension in 3D movie viewing while providing an immersive experience that engages the audience in to the situation of the movie with realistic colour and sharp images. The system interfaces with the Digital Cinema Servers and are capable of playing 3D content that comply with the Hollywood Studio approved DCI specifications.
